Product Metrics update (#1621)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/product/metrics.md

#### Continuous learning and improvement
Consistent with [Iterative Improvement](../company/values.md#🔁-iterative-improvement), we believe even the smallest changes can contribute to our growth. We're committed to consistently reassessing, learning, and evolving based on the insights our data provides.

## Leading Product Metric

The cornerstone of our department's evaluation is encapsulated in the Leading Product Metric, namely the Weighted Customer Index (WCI). This metric serves as our North Star, guiding strategic decisions and operational improvements. The WCI is calculated to reflect the value and distribution of our customer base across different product tiers.

The formula for calculating the WCI is as follows:

> ```Weighted Customer Index = Number of Starter Tier customers + (Number of Teams Tier customers * 4) + (Number of Enterprise Tier customers * 8)```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Weighted Customer Index = Number of Starter Tier customers + (Number of Teams Tier customers * 4) + (Number of Enterprise Tier customers * 8)
```
```

This metric is designed to reflect the relative value of different customer segments to the organization, with higher tiers of customers being weighted more heavily due to their greater impact on revenue and strategic value.

> The metric can be found [here](https://new-product-metrics.flowfuse.cloud/dashboard/product).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The metric can be found [on this dashboard](https://new-product-metrics.flowfuse.cloud/dashboard/product).
```
